hello this is charles i'm going to teach
you how to make a peek up of running on
minecraft okay watch this so this is on
created mode so most of you won't like
it but I hope you do I'll grab some wood
there's in the water I'll do for for now
this might take a few minutes but it
won't take long okay so let me just
address it right and make it high enough
it's because if it's not high enough
it'll look crappy
so there is the handle right there this
is where I pull water in it and that is
how you make sexpot you do that the
handle in the water thank you for
watching wait hard I para para ok thank
you for watching that is how you make
electrical and talk to you guys Carol
thank you